Bump DavidAnson/markdownlint-cli2-action from 19.1.0 to 20.0.0 (#1339)
martincostello/update-dotnet-sdk: README.md

This action updates the .NET SDK version specified by a `global.json` file stored in a GitHub repository.

An example Pull Request created by the action can be found here: [martincostello/update-dotnet-sdk#10][example-pull-request].

You can find out more information about this GitHub action in [this YouTube stream 📺][youtube-stream].

> You can also find a sample repository that uses this action to automate .NET patch updateshere: [martincostello/dotnet-patch-automation-sample][patching-sample].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also find a sample repository that uses this action to automate .NET patch updates here: [martincostello/dotnet-patch-automation-sample][patching-sample].
```
